hi this is the ninth on I'm trying to
upload this um so I'm going to keep it
short and sweet as possible the elf's
electromagnetics electromagnetic fear is
weakening the proof therefore is the
following that meant no magnetic north
pole is moving around very quickly and
is now moving towards Siberia and will
soon be with in Siberia or magnetosphere
the same percent weaker than was in Los
unwritten for years and we have a big
gaping al-anon magnetosphere over the
South Atlantic these are all evidence
that we are currently experiencing a
magnetic pole shift magnetic
isn't very rare that happens everything
on average every three hundred thousand
years we haven't had one and 780,000
years contrary to believe the earth
smack is not gonna change derive the
direction of rotation but will remain in
the same notation the reason why inside
us is because the Sun has mac nick has a
magnetic pole shift every 11 years on
average every 11 years and install
rotating the same way then why does
opposed of the curve or magnetic poles
of the girl get three types of posers
magnetic physical and ultra this is
magnetic closure the reason why I
speculate that it's occurring as because
of the large amount of positive
particles which the Sun is jakes during
a thunderstorm when the cells play or
coronal mass ejection hits or
magnetosphere these particle posit some
of these positive positive particles
I subtracted 2 or negative pole over a
period of time let's negative 0 is
starting to be charged positive leading
to a bowl shaft a magnetic pulser now
that I've generate its magnetosphere
this is all theory because nobody
actually went to the saint of the earth
the theory says that the Earth's center
is made out of metal and it's solid the
core solid and made out of metal
surrounded by the inner mantle which is
a liquid for all melted for and most of
it this isoh metal as the elemental and
the core rap against each other because
of the Earth's rotation and because of
streams within them up draft of the wall
material the time draft of the pogrom
cereal because of these interactions you
get static electricity the static
electricity charges up the pole and
creates a magnet this magnet then
creates all magnetosphere then basically
works like an electromagnet if you take
can nail suspended and turn loops of
copper wire around it then later pochoir
touch the nail and you put this copper
wire on a battery then I will become
magnetically charged this is how you
make electron magnet and this is my
secure Earth's magnetosphere work now
how will this a fake ask but one example
we can use when you don't have a
magnetosphere small horse used to be
similar to earth these evidence of
rebels seized and lights so most used to
be just like Earth so we used to have
two earths and all solar system any
problem is most was too small to
maintain a liquid or melted in a man
book this became solid and moss we can
unable to generate a magnetosphere over
time the solar winds from
move to the atmosphere and mass of the
water white vapor leaving you with the
heavy gas carbon dioxide and now Mars as
one big desert that is what will happen
to us if we have no metal does fear
flatly to us full shifts because many
times and it always returns back now
what will happen during this
period during the period of weakening
and switching around during this period
you will experience more cancer because
more radiation was a low radiation will
get three the magnetosphere towards
Earth you will experience blackouts
because in 1859 a stylist or destroyed
all the Telegraph's and transformers
that the Northern Europe and heard that
a North America and in Europe because
that was the only technology around that
pole the thumb wasn't cell phones of TVs
all over like that so I tried what we
had today at solar storm that does only
ninety percent as strong as the item 59
solar store will do exactly the same and
the weaker the magnetosphere becomes the
more damages Alice Donald do to us and
more radiation will commend more cancer
worker this might actually do mutations
like limitations we saw after the
Chernobyl incident and after the year
SEMA incident way and it was love on
your cimo re-assign afterwards there was
a lot of neat idea children born
theoretically as possible that one
improvement my vball or new species can
be full but I haven't heard of this
happening but theoretically this as
possible and
oh that's bice period I oh how does the
magnetosphere and thunderstorms create
EMPs basically when the solar storm or
coronal mass ejection hits our
magnetosphere attains and and it bounces
back as soon as it bounces back it
released a EMP the same happens when it
breaks as soon as a bright release
energy in form of EMP and that is how
the magnetosphere and solar storms or
coronal mass ejections can create world
peace okay this video is useful I hope I
then speak to post and you have anything
to add please added below you have
anything to ask just ask and i'll try to
answer to the best of my ability
obviously i don't know everything and
thank you for listening